The Rater communicates the plan to the Employee on VA Form 750
at the beginning of the appraisal period,
usually within 30 days of October 1st.
The timing is important.
Employees may only be appraised on elements that apply during
the current appraisal period, and they need to be aware of them.
The Employee signs and dates an acknowledgment that he or she
received the plan, including the performance standards.
Elements and standards will be provided to each Employee annually.
The Union and Department agree that the Rater should explain
how the Employee can meet the requirements for a Fully
Successful and Exceptional rating for each element,
not only at the beginning of the appraisal period,
but at any time throughout the period.